[receiver/mongodbatlas] Alerts Retrieval (#14180)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/mongodbatlasreceiver/README.md

MongoDB Atlas [Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api/logs/#logs) recommends a polling interval of 5 minutes.

- `public_key` (required for metrics, logs, or alerts in `poll` mode)
- `private_key` (required for metrics, logs, or alerts in `poll` mode)
- `granularity` (default `PT1M` - See [MongoDB Atlas Documentation](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api/process-measurements/))
- `storage` configure the component ID of a storage extension. If specified, alerts `poll` mode will utilize the extension to ensure alerts are not duplicated after a collector restart.
- `retry_on_failure`
  - `enabled` (default true)
  - `initial_interval` (default 5s)
  - `max_interval` (default 30s)
  - `max_elapsed_time` (default 5m)
- `alerts`
  - `enabled` (default false)
  - `mode` (default `listen`. Options are `poll` or `listen`)
  - `secret` (required if using `listen` mode)
  - `endpoint` (required if using `listen` mode)
  - `poll_interval` (default `5m`, only relevant using `poll` mode)
  - `max_alerts` (default `1000`)

>     - When in `poll` mode, this is the maximum number of alerts the receiver will attempt to process per poll. Alerts are processed from most recently created to least recently created.mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When in `poll` mode, this is the maximum number of alerts the receiver will attempt to process per poll. Alerts are processed from most recently created to least recently created.
```

>   - `max_alert_processing` (default `50`)
>     - This is the number of alerts the receiver will try to process per poll. Alerts are ordered by creation time descending i.e. by default the 50 newewst ones processed will be processed but none further. Only relevant using `poll` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `max_alerts` (default `1000`)
    - When in `poll` mode, this is the maximum number of alerts the receiver will attempt to process per poll. Alerts are processed from most recently created to least recently created.
```

A few suggestions here. Most importantly, I think 50 is probably way too low for a default. 1000 should not take a long time to process and I would think is enough that most users will never have to worry about dropped alerts.
